Previously on Limitless...
I've been thinking about
the shooting.
I was watching footage
of Morra.
It's almost like he dodged.
Do you think he's on NZT?
Senator's coat. The real one.
With NZT in the blood.
Everything go smooth?
BRIAN:
I had to talk to one guy
in the evidence unit.
REBECCA:
He's dead, Brian.
He went to a Chinese restaurant
where the chef knows about
his allergy.
Somehow, peanut oil
ended up in his entree.
He died in the ambulance.
Do you think someone killed him?
I think someone didn't want us
talking to him.
(lively jazz music playing)
WOMAN: You understand
you're giving a statement to IAU
about your recent investigation
of Cyrillus Holdings?
Mm.
And that this also
includes the 48-hour period
you spent working
with another agent.
Look, I get it.
You want me to talk
about Lucy Church.
That works for me; I could talk
about Lucy Church all day long.
And why is that exactly?
Because...
I learned a lot from her.
Plus, I wasn't in a great place
when we met.
You look like
you've been through hell.
I know what you did.
Jesse Escanso?
The evidence clerk.
He didn't just die
because someone
put peanut oil
in his Chinese food.
You made it happen.
(whispers):
Which means I made it happen.
Assuming you're right
about any of this...
did you come here
to say thank you?
Jesse Escanso
could have,
and would have,
exposed everything
that we're trying to do.
And if he hadn't have had...
an accident...
odds are, you'd be
in jail right now.
I don't care.
I don't, I don't
go around murdering people.
And y haven't.
You gave me a debriefing.
Based on that, I may or may not
have tended to a loose end.
What trouble is that
to your conscience?
And Agent Harris?
Well, I'd imagine the timing
of Mr. Escanso's death
hasn't been lost on her.
Rebecca's fine.
You don't have to worry
about Rebecca.
In any case,
she won't be getting
any compromising information
from Jesse Escanso.
WOMAN: You weren't in a great
place? What does that mean?
Nothing you need to worry about.
The stuff you want to know,
that all started
when the list of
undercover agents got out.
Finch!
Get up!
Ah, Mike!
What is it, like,
3:00 in the morning?
What do you want?
Naz needs you right now.
NAZ: Washington maintains
a master list
of every agent working
under nonofficial cover.
Two hours ago, unknown persons
stole the hard drive
from Deputy Director Rovick's
home in Dupont Circle.
The list was on it.
Every undercover operation
we've got going
has been compromised,
and we're pulling
all the agents as we speak.
Has the list been leaked?
No, not yet. We only assume
it's a matter of time.
NAZ:
This is Adrian Vescovi.
He supervises undercover work
in the city, and, uh,
he will fill you
in on the rest.
At this point, we have no idea
what these thieves want.
They could be selling
these names,
they could post them publicly
at any moment.
We have 22
undercover agents,
five of which
are unaccounted for.
Now, obviously, we have
our people looking for them.
I hear you're quite
the problem solver.
I want you and your team
to do everything you can
to find these agents.
These are their names.
(quietly): Hear that?
He said my team.
I heard. He's just
ignorant, that's all.
VESCOVI:
...Liz Collette,
Alex Nellenthal and Lucy Church.
REBECCA:
Yes, I know Lucy.
I knew her.
Um...
We were at
Quantico together, um...
till she got
pulled pre-graduation
for an undercover assignment.
I heard it was at a prison.
Um, and then she went into
another deep undercover position
after that,
and then another one after that.
So...
That happens to some people.
They get addicted
to being somebody else.
I mean, the only thing
I know about undercover work
is what I've seen in the movies,
but, um, yeah,
once I dug into the files,
finding the agents
really wasn't that hard.
(lively jazz music playing)
BRIAN: Agent Ben Yang was
deep cover with the Triads.
Now, funny enough, the guy had
a sensitivity to MSG.
Luckily, a lot of people
think there's a way
to remedy MSG symptoms:
drink Red Bull.
I tracked down a bodega-sized
Red Bull shipment
to a Chinatown apartment
and found Agent Yang.
Agent Liz Collette
was working undercover
at a blue chip Chelsea gallery
under suspicion
of moving stolen art.
Now, here's the thing about
the art world: no one eats.
And Agent Collette
filed receipts
from a bunch of burger places
on her last assignment.
We found her shame-eating
at a Shake Shack.
It went on like that,
until the only agent
left unaccounted for
was Lucy Church,
who was in the end stages
of a long assignment
at a corrupt hedge fund.
This place apparently
cornered the market
on high-end money laundering
in the city.
It's tied to some
very bad people,
and no one could get
in touch with Lucy.
Which was how
I came to be standing
in the middle of Ditmars
Boulevard right before dawn,
looking for a blue
1968 Ford Mustang.
(tires screeching)
I recognize the name.
The face does nothing for me.
I'm Brian Finch.
I work with the FBI.
Look, your cover's burnt,
and your boss, Adrian Vescovi,
says you need to come in.
How did you find me?
You had speeding tickets.
You're an insomniac,
and driving fast late at night
helps you relax.
I took a bet that
once you had a badge,
you'd just use it
to get out of tickets.
So, we sent people
to the five longest
straightaways in the city.
I picked the longest one.
Here we are.
All right,
so someone took the list,
but it hasn't been posted
publicly yet.
Yeah, well,
not as far as we know.
Thanks for the heads-up,
Brian Finch.
I'm not coming in.
Oh, come on.
No, wait, wait, wait!
(tires screeching)
What's your deal?
What do you mean?
I mean, you're cute enough
to pull off
the whole square-jaw thing,
if you wanted to,
but you're dressed
like you're in line
for the Porta-John
at Coachella.
They woke me up
in the middle of the night.
Doesn't matter;
the Bureau wouldn't let you
get away with that unless
you were something special.
So...
what's your deal?
I solve problems.
I am well supplied with those.
And, as of a couple minutes ago,
I haven't got a whole lot of
time to sort through them, so...
Oh, you want me
to come with you?
I joined the Bureau
to save lives.
Could be you had
different reasons.
I know you're manipulating me.
And yet you're
still standing there.
(tires screeching)
I stood on the road
for 12 hours
before somebody told me
they found Lucy.
I'm not complaining
about the windburn, per se,
but it would be nice
if the Bureau
could reimburse me
for some aloe.
*
(laughs)
Kidnap him?
You're asking me if I kidnapped
the CJC's consultant?
I opened the car door;
he got in on his own.
(engine revving,
tires screeching)
(car horns honking)
BRIAN:
Hey, do you want me
to dial for you so you can
focus on the road?
I got to call my boss.
Try and be quiet a sec, okay?
(line ringing)
VESCOVI:
Lucy, you're on speakerphone
with myself and
S.A.C. Pouran.
Is everything okay?
I'm not coming in, Adrian.
Not yet.
Uh, actually, you are.
I'm pulling
your credentials right now.
Any arrest you make
will be null and void.
All right, you could do that.
I mean, I wouldn't, seeing as
I'm the one holding the file
that can tie Cyrillus Holdings
to, like,
50 criminal counts.
Don't even start down this road
with me, Lucy.
I get pulled in, who's to say
what happens to that file?
Lucy, we're done.
This case is over.
We have everything we need
to nail the hedge fund.
No, there is one more thing
before we file charges, Adrian,
and you know
how important it is.
Don't pretend like you don't.
Two days.
I'm giving you two days
to bring this thing home.
Fine.
I'm borrowing a man-child
from the CJC.
I'll bring him back in better
shape than I found him.
Shouldn't be hard.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
(phone beeps)
Did you just
hang up on Naz?
Buckle up, handsome.
You're mine for
the next two days.
BOYLE: W-Was I surprised
Finch stayed out in the field?
Of course not.
He probably heard the word
"undercover,"
and with that expression
that means exclamation point.
(ding)
Undercover.
Hey, I like this place.
I was in the endgame
at Cyrillus Holdings--
three years of casework.
Technically,
the investigation is done.
Just one last piece
needs to fall into place.
Help me out.
Yeah.
So, this last piece,
is that what
we're after?
"The Blue Limit."
Bills itself out
as a premium escort service.
They launder all their cash
through Cyrillus Holdings.
Okay, I'm listening.
Good, because the FBI
believes what they really are
is a human trafficking
organization.
They bring in women
from poor countries in Europe,
take their passports,
and essentially sell
them into slavery.
But doesn't that mean
that they'll just get
rolled up in the larger
investigation of Cyrillus?
The second
we file a case
against Cyrillus Holdings,
that case will encompass
The Blue Limit, and every
other shady business
they've ever worked with.
At which point,
the women working there
will become major liabilities.
You think The Blue Limit would
be inclined to get rid of them?
Women who make trouble there
have a way of disappearing,
so, yeah, I do think
that could happen
on a larger scale.
I want to get these women
out of there.
I want to find out where
their passports are stashed,
get them back,
so they can be on their way home
before charges get filed.
It's not enough
these guys
get to go to some
golf-farm white-collar prison.
They're slavers.
They kill women,
and I want them for that.
Now, these guys keep
the particulars
of their organization
pretty close to the belt,
so there was only so much
that I could learn.
But I had an informant
on the inside.
We were just starting to get
a sense of the structure
when she disappeared
a few weeks ago,
which makes me think
they had her killed.
Well, what can I do?
Tonight, The Blue Limit
is holding a benefit,
courting their
new high-end clients.
You're coming as
one of the clients-to-be.
I will make entry,
and we will work the room
and find those passports.
Just like that?
Do you have a suit?
Have you ever even worn a suit?
I got a suit.
It's red.
Okay.
Personal shopper at Bergdorf's.
He'll hook you up.
Chop chop, Brian Finch.
Lots of work to do.
(phone chimes)
BRIAN:
Hey there.
Looking to save lives--
thumbs up emoji.
Kind of need some NZT to do
it-- arm making muscle emoji.
(sighs)
Yes, I authorized
administering Brian NZT
while he was
working with Lucy Church.
Her handler made a strong case
for why she should
still be out there.
Brian Finch knew the parameters
of what he was
and wasn't supposed to do,
and I trusted him
to act within those.
And, yes, in retrospect,
I realize that may sound naive.
The women of Eastern Europe
thank you.
You okay?
You seem a little distracted.
I got a call from Jarrod Sands'
office this morning.
Remember him?
What? I don't like
where this is headed.
He, uh, heads up Senator Morra's
personal security.
Yeah, I think so.
Well, he wants to meet later.
Are you gonna go?
Well, we're sniffing around
Senator Morra and NZT,
and all of a sudden
I get this call
out of the blue?
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
The, um...
suit that you're wearing, it
still has a tag on the sleeve.
Oh, yeah, I know.
I'm-I'm still shopping.
I actually told the guy
that was helping me inside
that I'd be right back.
REBECCA:
He looked fine.
Um, good, I guess.
It was a nice suit.
Everybody looks better
in a suit.
Boy, that's a-a weird question
for you to ask me.
WOMAN: I meant, did Finch
seem nervous or out of sorts?
Oh, no, no.
But, I mean,
I wasn't looking that closely.
I... I had a lot on my mind
that day.
Special Agent Harris.
I'm glad you decided to come.
Do you fancy a drink?
Oh, no, I'm good.
This is a nice place.
Senator Morra was impressed
by your deft handling
of his attempted assassination.
So was I.
Well, I'm glad I could help.
And we were glad
for that help.
So glad, in fact, that we would
like to extend the relationship,
if possible.
Extend it how?
Senator Morra and I would like
to offer you a job.
A job?
Mm.
A quite lucrative one at that,
working on the senator's
private security team.
I'm gonna write a number
on a piece of paper.
When you see it,
I'm sure you'll be convinced
about how serious we are
to have you
on our team.
Naturally, all comes
with perks and privileges
such as to dwarf anything the
FBI might be able to offer.
As I said,
we're quite serious.
That's a very impressive offer,
Mr. Sands.
May I have some time
to think about it?
Of course.
Take whatever time you need.
Thank you.
(phone vibrating)
(exhales)
Brian.
I take it you've been
trying to reach me.
Sands, listen to me,
I don't have much time...
Relax, Brian.
I'm not trying
to threaten or encroach
in any other way upon Rebecca.
Since you have failed utterly
to convince her
to stop asking questions,
I've simply stepped in
to smooth things over.
How are you doing that?
By offering her a job.
Quite an attractive one,
in fact.
What?
You're trying to bribe her?
Brian,
I have yet to meet a human being
on this planet
who doesn't have a price.
Sure you're up for this?
Totally.
Brian, this is
years of my life,
hundreds of hours of work.
I am absolutely good to go.
Okay.
(lively jazz music playing)
BRIAN: It wasn't my first
douchey hedge fund party,
but it was the first where
just about every guy there
was there specifically
to buy time with women.
They ran a pretty wide gamut
of occupations and interests.
There was the investment
bankers, inevitably.
Kind of the easiest to impress,
since they live by speculation.
Because trading
on the open market is dead
when it comes to derivatives.
The Sharpe ratio isn't even
comparable with dark pools.
I mean, no market depth feed,
risk becomes
a virtual non-entity.
And go ahead, call your clients,
take this down.
The Russian oligarch contingent
was a tougher nut to crack,
but it seemed relevant
since a lot of the girls
were Eastern European.
But it turned out
to be worth it,
since that way I was able
to meet Sergei,
The Blue Limit's man in charge
on the ground,
and he had issues of his own
he needed help with.
You know, it sounds to me
like your nephew's just trying
to get your brother's attention.
Cry for help?
Exactly, that's exactly right.
I mean, think of it
like this, Sergei.
You put a kid like that
on a Ducati, he's just
gonna ride around
knocking driver side mirrors
off to get a rise out of Dad.
But if Dad takes away the Ducati
and actually listens to him...
I'm sure he has not
thought of it quite this way.
Well, he totally should.
Nostrovia.
BRIAN:
With every little exchange,
every snippet of conversation
I was able to pick up,
I gradually was able
to build a sense
of The Blue Limit's hierarchy.
And in every vaguely
threatening e-mail chain,
every overheard reference
to discipline,
there's one name
that keeps recurring.
Karl Boorman.
(whispers):
Thank you.
I know the name.
Head of security
for The Blue Limit.
Yeah, he oversees the dirty
work when it needs doing.
Stands to reason that he'd
be the person holding
the passports of all
Blue Limit's workers.
Get to him, we make
this thing right. Boom.
Okay. Not bad.
"Not bad." Come on.
Frankly, I didn't bring you here
with high hopes.
You managed to not
totally screw it up
and you gained some useful
intel, so, yeah, not bad.
Please, you stay.
Oh, I'm sorry, we were
just about to leave.
Sergei sends me over.
To say thank you for helping
with his nephew.
There is a suite
waiting upstairs.
Very comfortable.
(chuckles)
I'm sorry,
I'm with someone.
That's okay.
Sergei knows that.
She can come, too.
Yes?
I mean, what were
we supposed to do?
You know, Sergei is not the kind
of guy you want to say no to.
It was... awkward.
But we worked something out.
I love to watch.
Feel free to
raid the mini-bar.
Cool.
Of course, we didn't have sex
with the Russian escort.
We just thought
it would look suspicious
to send her back to Sergei,
so we waited out the two hours.
Luckily, Irina loves TV.
So You Think You Dance,
Yes to the Dress,
Amazing Races,
MythBusters.
Though, it's their last season.
It's very sad.
(TV playing)
Well, we got what we came for.
Karl Boorman
has the passports.
It's a good night's work.
We can relax-- a little.
Unless, of course, you'd rather
spend the time with, uh...
(Brian laughs)
You know, I'm actually not
a reality TV fan myself, so...
Really?
Yeah.
Seem like the type.
She really loves it.
(Irina laughs)
Well, she's lucky.
She's premium product,
so she gets treated
with a degree of humanity.
Some of the others who maybe
aren't so beautiful...
It's human trafficking for
the purpose of sexual slavery.
That's why she's so happy
to be watching TV.
All right, now...
how about you tell me
what's bothering you.
(sighs)
Well, there is a situation,
but I can't really talk
about it.
Come on, who can you
talk to, if not me?
A girl you have
absolutely no ties to,
probably never see me again.
Have you ever killed someone?
Have you?
I think so.
I didn't actually do it,
it was something I said.
Unless you ordered a hit,
that's not on you.
You can't control people.
My advice?
Don't dwell on it.
One of the best feelings
is when I get a new case,
and I can just leave
the old one behind,
along with everything
that went with it.
That all sounds...
...kind of okay.
Good.
Yeah.
I need you in character.
I got a job for you tomorrow.
(lively jazz music playing)
I mean, there's all kinds
of undercover gigs, you know.
Sometimes it's really badass
and there's parties
and hot girls
and stuff like that,
and sometimes...
BOYLE:
Was I sorry
when I heard Finch had
to go back to being a temp?
To sitting in a cubicle
and filing papers all day?
Yeah.
My heart bled for him.
The Blue Limit
has a vested interest
in appearing legitimate.
Meaning they get short-staffed,
they hire a temp,
just like anyone else.
So Lucy called
every temp agency in New York
to see if they had made
any requests that morning,
and the next thing we knew...
It was like riding a bicycle.
I was a very convincing temp.
And after one more NZT pill,
maybe too convincing.
It was a bet that nobody
working low-level data entry
was at the VIP party
last night,
but we were willing
to take those odds.
And as long as I had data
to enter, nobody bothered me.
And I could keep an eye out
for anything unusual.
Like that guy in the suit,
and that secure door
he keeps disappearing behind.
Though security is
a relative term, of course.
If you listen carefully,
every key makes
a slightly different sound
when you press it.
It's kind of like
learning a song.
(keypad clicking, beeping)
And would you look at that?
It's already time for lunch.
(keypad clicking, beeping)
What are they hiding in here?
Huh. Guess it's a little more
secure than I thought.
But with a little help
from a few
instructional videos
on YouTube,
I was able to crack the safes.
(safe clicking)
First two safes
weren't much help,
but on the last one...
(slot machine chiming)
Jackpot.
Going on the lam?
If I were a Latvian brunette
by the name of... Svetlana.
I do like that name.
What exactly are
you doing, then?
Well, I got all the passports
back, as you can see.
You're welcome,
by the way.
I meant with the cash.
Well, I started thinking
about what's next.
I mean, we're helping
all these women
get out and go home,
but to what?
A lot of them
only ended up here because
they thought it would be better
than what they had before.
So, I want to make sure
they have more
options this time.
LUCY:
This is thousands of dollars.
Where did you get this money?
I mean, getting the passports
back didn't take very long,
so I stopped by
the horse races.
I read up on a few of the
ponies, got a little lucky,
and went home
with a bit of cash.
Just a little
something to help
get them back
on their feet.
Remind me to take you
to Vegas next time.
That's not all
I found, though.
With the passports,
there were all these ledgers.
Now, it's mostly really
boring accounting stuff.
Except...
do you know anything
about "Edelweiss"?
I was in The Sound of Music
in high school.
Okay, so,
"Edelweiss" seems to be
some kind of code name.
It's all over the place
in these ledgers,
and whoever or
whatever it is,
it was getting payouts
from The Blue Limit,
designed specifically to be
crazy complicated and nearly...
BOTH:
Impossible to trace.
Exactly.
We need to find Edelweiss.
I had the exact same thought.
This is Queens,
and this...
is Edelweiss.
Whose official name of record is
the German Hospitality League,
supposedly some
cross-cultural goodwill club.
And the recipient of
record for payouts
from the magical
mystery fund.
That's a front.
This place is less than
a mile from here.
And I figure that if we go
over there in the morning,
we'll find whoever's been
killing the women
for The Blue Limit.
That wasn't the reaction
I expected.
Well, I was...
really impressed.
With the research
or with the kiss?
WOMAN:
And?
And what?
No, we had some laughs,
no big deal.
S-Seriously, I-I don't...
I don't know
what you want me to say.
That's-that's the end
of the story. We just...
(lively Indian music playing)
*
I'm sorry, where were we?
I lost my train of thought
a little bit.
So, after two days of strictly
professional collaboration,
we had the address of the guy
The Blue Limit was paying
to murder women,
including Lucy's source,
but we ran into a problem.
(phone ringing, vibrating)
Hey.
REBECCA: 48 hours are up.
It's time to come home.
What?
They're cutting you off.
Wait, what do you mean?
Dispensary isn't issuing any
more NZT until you come back.
I need you
for one more thing.
Look, I really want to see
this case through.
I'm not ready to come back in.
You hooked up, didn't you?
You and Lucy.
What?
No, that's... Come on.
We didn't... Bollywood.
That's crazy.
Why would you even suggest that?
Fine, I don't even care.
You want to work
the case off NZT,
work the case off NZT.
I'll even run interference,
but you're the one
that has to answer to Naz.
Thank you, seriously.
And we didn't...
(phone beeps)
All right,
what's this assignment?
(tires screech)
(lively jazz music playing)
WOMAN: Hold on. Is this the part
with the kidnapping?
Kidnapping-light, okay.
It's, like, kidnapping adjacent,
if you can even call it that,
which you can't, by the way,
because the kidnapped party
ultimately agreed
to the arrangement.
BRIAN: In order to discover
who killed Lucy's informant,
we needed to know
who worked there.
Now, I didn't have any NZT,
so about an hour
prior to my arrival,
I had my hacker buds
at Everywhere
dump a Denial-of-Service virus
onto the German Hospitality
League server
to crash its Wi-Fi,
forcing a call
for outside tech support.
And, yes, a little minor-league
kidnapping might have ensued.
Hey!
Lucy hooked up the Data dude
with a couple of hundred bucks
and a gift card
for a taco place in Greenpoint.
He'll be all right.
Tech nerds love guacamole.
All I had to do was get
a picture, maybe a name,
and we could build a case.
I didn't need a pill for that.
Still, it's kind of
nerve-wracking.
There is a stone-cold killer
working here.
Hi-ya.
You here about the Wi-Fi?
Okay, let's see here.
Oh, you got the old setup.
Here we go.
You sure
you've done this before?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I do this all the time.
I could honestly do this...
in my sleep.
'Cause I sleepwalk,
sometimes, so...
It's-it's called, um...
somnambulism.
I stalled for
as long as I could.
I couldn't get the receptionist
to talk about her boss.
She just said he was
rarely there.
Any luck?
Uh, you know what,
I think you guys
might need a new, uh,
that-that rabbit ear thing,
what's it called? Router?
Hey, maybe I'd better
call your office
to see if they can
send along someone
more, uh, confident.
Oh.
Oh, I mean, o-okay.
You know, that's-- I understand.
Try to give 110%
every time.
I do apologize
about this.
It's just, uh, you know,
sometimes these things are
a little more complicated
than they seem.
Just tell them, um...
I gave it my all.
The magazine gave me a name.
From there, it wasn't
gonna be hard to get
a picture of the guy.
Lucy is gonna be psyched.
Son of a bitch.
MAN (over TV): Our source
confirms that the list of
active undercover agents
within the FBI was exposed
when computer hackers
stole the intelligence,
and began horse trading
on the black market.
I'm burned.
For real.
I know.
No, you don't.
Because of this, the claim
against The Blue Limit
will go public before
we can even build a case
against Gudmund Friedrich.
And by then,
he'll be in the wind.
You can still bring down
Cyrillus Holdings.
The escort service
will get rolled in...
There's a guy out there.
He pulled the trigger
on my informant,
a bunch of other women.
There's no way
he walks from this.
We have to get Friedrich
before the FBI does.
What are you going to do?
We got to go.
It's not safe here anymore.
REBECCA: No, I did not drive out
personally to bring Brian in.
That seems to be
what you're getting at.
WOMAN:
Just asking questions.
What happened at
Edelweiss was a disaster.
A disaster?
I could think of a few words
I would use before that one.
I was busy. I had casework.
I had a meeting to get to,
totally unrelated.
I appreciate your interest
in me, sincerely, and...
if you're willing to accept
the terms of my counter,
I think we can wrap this up.
And the terms are?
I did some research.
Before you went
to work for Senator Morra,
there were a few holes
in your resume.
A diplomatic posting here,
six months in Africa there.
But you were MI-6.
How much did Morra pay
to take you away from the SIS?
If you already
learned this much...
...you know there's no chance
I can answer that question.
And I hardly see what it has to
do with the present negotiation.
This isn't a negotiation.
One of two things is happening.
Either you're genuinely
interested in me,
in which case,
thanks, but no thanks.
I like catching the bad guy.
Kind of my thing.
And the second possibility?
Someone at the FBI
has been telling you about
the questions I've been asking.
If Senator Morra is using NZT...
if he is connected to the purges
that wiped the pills
off the streets two years ago,
it's gonna take
more than a buyout
to keep me from the truth.
That's a strong position
you're staking out.
I take it you've got concrete
evidence to back those claims.
I am just getting started.
Do you think Friedrich
will show?
I told his receptionist
we're raiding The Blue
Limit in an hour.
I guarantee he keeps
a cash horde here.
He'll come here
or she'll go to him.
And then what?
We got the list of the payouts.
Let's see how easy he scares.
Hmm.
He's either the guy or he's
the guy leading to the guy,
but one way or another,
he's gonna talk to me.
Hmm.
It's just hitting me.
My face is out there.
I can never go
undercover again.
My career's dead.
Won't the FBI give you
another job?
If I wanted to work
as Lucy Church,
I would've done that
a long time ago.
I don't even know if I can
go back to being her.
It's not her.
It's you.
I guess.
BRIAN:
That's him.
Yup.
Do you want to call
for backup?
For what? We don't have
enough to arrest him.
Oh, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa.
What if you can't scare him
into a deal?
You should go back
to the CJC, Finch.
No, no way, not now.
I have no idea how it's
gonna go down in there, Brian.
You look tired.
I can tell. You've lost your...
spark or something,
and this guy
is really dangerous.
Look, you're not wrong, okay?
But I'm not letting you
go in there alone.
So either take me
or I call it in
and the FBI swarms this place,
and that's that.
(sighs)
You've taken a
TAC course, yeah?
I've had training.
You're loaded,
one in the chamber.
You know what to do
if we get into trouble.
Uh, is there
a safety on the...?
Safety's your finger.
Right.
Uh, and, Brian...
don't shoot me.
Let's go.
I consult with
The Blue Limit.
This is proof of nothing.
This is just
the point of the spear.
This will be easy.
You describe your dealings
with The Blue Limit's
trafficking operation.
You give us Karl Boorman
and Sergei,
and you can count on
a certain measure of leniency.
And believe me,
I have enough evidence
to bury your ass
for the rest of your life.
You are very convincing.
Hardly surprising.
You've been lying for years.
It's a simple binary choice.
A little cooperation or
the rest of your life in prison.
If you had what you say,
I'd already be under arrest.
You'd have brought
more than this...
haircut for backup.
The Blue Limit will fall,
but I do not work
at The Blue Limit.
You tried.
You failed.
Go home.
Lucy, what are you doing?
Now it's my turn to make
a simple binary choice.
I bring your ass in
and I take my chances,
or I serve justice
right here, right now.
Probably not too hard to figure
out which way I'm leaning.
Lucy, come on,
you don't want to do this.
You are so very wrong
about that.
This is why you shouldn't
have come, Brian.
You shouldn't see this.
You know what?
Then that's exactly
why I should be here.
Because if you
do this, it's over.
You go to prison.
Only if you tell.
I will tell.
And that's your career
and your life
and all the women
that you helped on this case.
And for what? For him?
Listen, I can prove
that Friedrich
is tied to
The Blue Limit's escorts.
How?
I don't know yet.
I still need time,
but this can end well.
As far as I'm concerned,
it's just about to.
Lucy, I'm gonna have
to tell the FBI,
unless you're gonna
kill me, too,
and the receptionist,
and anyone else
who might happen along.
If he makes bail, he'll be
on the next plane to Dusseldorf
and we'll never see him again.
To hell with that.
Yesterday, were talking
about how people die
in this line of work and
you're not responsible,
even though you can't help
but feel a part of it.
If you pull this trigger,
you are responsible,
and you can't get
away from that.
That is you.
That is you forever.
Listen to me,
I will back up
any story you want,
but not if you kill him.
I can't do that.
I won't do that.
Fine.
(screams)
Oh, what did you do?
(panting)
Not walking out of here now.
All right,
we got work to do, boys.
BRIAN:
Actually, I was able to prove
the whole thing even before
Friedrich got out of surgery.
And once they started
making arrests
at Cyrillus Holdings
and The Blue Limit,
we found tons of takers
willing to corroborate
Friedrich's role
in exchange for immunity.
I mean, you haven't seen
a lack of backbone
until you've questioned a bunch
of guys from a hedge fund.
Frankly, I-I'm at
a total loss.
I-I don't know whether
to take you into custody
or simply fire you
for obstruction of justice.
You have Gudmund Friedrich
on three counts of Murder One.
Lucy, this isn't the first
complaint of insubordination.
In undercover work,
the ends justify the means.
And if they don't,
you find a way to justify them.
Isn't that what you taught me?
Is it true you gave Brian Finch
a loaded firearm?
What the hell
were you thinking?
I was thinking I had
a pretty good partner.
Didn't want to see
him get killed.
And Friedrich's story
about Lucy shooting him
in cold blood?
I mean, this is a guy
who murders women for a living.
Who you gonna believe?
NAZ: Well, this
certainly isn't over.
There will be
a full after-incident
investigation with IAU.
So, everyone,
get ready for camera.
WOMAN:
The preliminary investigation
indicates the barrel
of Agent Church's pistol
was pressed directly
against Friedrich's knee.
It seems odd
that that would happen
during the course
of a struggle.
Well, Lucy, or, um...
Agent Church, rather,
she put me in harm's way.
Like, I could've been killed.
What possible reason
would I have to lie for her?
Hey.
You're... Seriously?
I wrote, "See ya later."
You know,
I always use sticky notes
to build really cool stuff,
and now you have
tainted them forever
with your sad... sadness.
Okay.
It says, "later," not "never."
So... later.
Lucy, um...
I got to tell you
something about me.
All right?
I don't care.
Uh, you what?
I know. There's a drug,
it's complicated.
I don't care.
Drug or no drug,
I know who you are.
I like who you are.
I don't want you
to become like me.
Compartmentalizing everything.
It'd be a shame,
stripping away pieces
of the kind of guy
who spends an afternoon
playing the ponies
for a bunch of women
he's never even met.
(elevator bell dings)
SANDS:
Is it done?
Ugh, what is
this crap?
Paper plane.
(chuckles)
You say so.
Keener?
KEENER:
It's done.
Full treatment.
If she whispers her grocery list
in her sleep
with the radio on, you'll know
how many cucumbers she needs.
She, uh...
she looked familiar.
You knew her father.
What about the other option?
I see a window of opportunity?
Take it.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Honey Boo Boo,
Who Marries the Millionaire,
Dance Mom,
Bachelor, Bachelorette.
You know that lady
from Real Housewives?
She said she wasn't there
to make friends,
but you know what?
I think she was there
to make friends.
IRINA: I think
she's a very lonely person.